hey what's going on so this is gonna be
my Sasquatch review and you can see he
was 995 because my comic book store is
awesome that was the actual price I paid
for it's really really cheap and this is
from the apocalypse wave and I actually
took out the apocalypse a while back
some point mine yeah so here's the other
wave right here it's pretty cool wave
I've got these two guys I've got her
I've got the red iron fist the only way
I don't have actually as Wolverine
so I'm pretty much about everybody here
are the stats right here it's a pretty
cool picture of him and here's the file
if you want to read that you can pause
it and he comes with this issue here of
alpha fly and I've actually never read
this it has a really really cool cover
definitely gonna have to check this out
yeah I only come out of this plastic
alright yeah look how happy he is I
finally let him out
yeah also look at his face he just looks
crazy pretty much but I love his red
eyes I love that and I love all the
detail in his mouth I could see all his
teeth and his tongue sticking out there
and his heads moving pretty good
so you can see the head does go side to
side and if you want you can move it all
the way around except like it just it
still looks really weird cuz it had hair
going on yet but it's really cool that
he's got all this fur detail going on
and what I love is the hand articulation
I love me some finger articulation and
you can see that all of these fingers go
down so I just love that little moon and
this thumb doesn't the thumb has just so
much detail on it really cool I really
love I can see each finger now see it
moves right here you could see joints in
here very nice really really like this
guy a lot like his articulation I love
his size he's just like massive and
bulky I love the bigger figures he looks
to be about I don't know like
eight-and-a-half inches or something
like that and that's an awesome size you
can see his legs up in here and then his
feet got the got the articulation I love
that
and the Cho's don't move but then you
know that's not really necessary anyways
I'm good see in the bottom here that
he's a toy biz figure and they make like
the best sculpts ever so check out all
this detail here I really like how the
fur looks really realistic no pun
intended
and you can see on the back here there's
some like darker shading in the bag
looks really nice
his little loincloth up in here it's
kind of weird it kind of looks like his
hair in the back like pretty much right
down here it's kind of disturbing
actually if you think about it but um I
really like how they also have that here
on the legs and I love how his feet look
I mean each toe has definition and you
can even see like little ridges on his
toenails it's so cool you can see his
eyes kind of glow in a way it's kind of
like a metallic e lookin red it's really
really cool so here he is with a marble
universe figure so you can see that he's
just huge I mean this is like the 3 and
3/4 inch figure right here so you can
see he's just massive here he is compare
of bullseye and it kind of looks like
bull's eye is smiling at his crotch it's
kind of weird but you can see how much
taller and wider he is and a normal
6-inch figure so thank you guys for
watching I got more ml's coming up for
ml week ra peas